Ramp bill pay is the world's first
agentic AP platform allowing you to
process more invoices with less clicks
and less time all while taking advantage
of the ramp platform.
Let's take a look.
Ramp's bill pay dashboard is built with
user friendliness in mind. Navigate
bills by the different stages they exist
in. drafts for approval, payment, as
well as a history. Users can also create
custom views and save them for next
time. Easily filter, group, or customize
columns to whatever the user sees fit.
RAMP flags and identifies bills that are
fraudulent, duplicates, as well as those
that have been overbu.
The fraudulent checks go through a
series of different identifiers that let
a user know this bill might be
fraudulent.
There's a few ways to ingest bills in
RAMP. Have vendors forward them to the
AP inbox, integrate an import directly
from your accounting provider, or simply
drag and drop invoices onto RAMP.
This is where RAMP's AP agent does the
work for you. In a matter of seconds,
invoice details will be brought over and
autocoded so you don't have to. Vendor
management is built directly into the AP
flow. see past bills and view or update
any vendor details as necessary directly
from the bill pay screen.
Continue scrolling to line item
information and see that RAMP has done
the hard work for you. Autocoding your
different accounting categories line by
line.
The AP agent uses invoice metadata,
vendor info, coding history, and more
context details to accurately code your
bills for you.
If coding details need to change, it's
easy to update fields on the fly. Simply
highlight an area of the invoice you
want to apply coding updates and make
the change.
RAMP will remember and use this added
context to adjust coding for future
invoices that come in.
RAMP offers users a variety of ways to
pay their bills. Select from AC,
domestic or international wire, check,
or pay by card. For users on RAM
treasury, pay bills directly from your
RAM business account where you earn
yield and gain free sameday liquidity.
Ramp's AP agent will flag invoices where
the vendor accepts card. Ramp will
create a new virtual card with details
prefilled.
That means cash back in your pocket with
no manual entry. In just a few clicks,
we can go ahead and create our bill.
Ramps made the approval process easy as
well. Now approvers get a full summary
of bill details with the necessary
context. RAMP will even provide a
recommendation on bills that need your
review.
Same goes for bills that RAMP deems
ready to approve.
No more bottlenecks in the approval
process, back and forth, contact
gathering, or delays. RAMP's AP agent
makes it easy.
Finally, when it's time to pay the
bills, you can do so in bulk. Simply
select and review your payments before
they go out the door. Bills are batched
by vendor, making it clear what bills
you are paying and to whom.
Ramp bill pay is faster invoice
processing, less clicks, and improved
visibility across the board.